# Organizational Documents Management using Blockchain technology

Each organization needs a way to store and update its documents.
And in the organization world, new documents usually have to
be reviewed and signed by its members, before they get accepted.

This application serves as a backend of a system managing documents.
It focuses on two main concepts: proposals and documents. 

A document is an accepted version of a proposal. A document can come in several versions,
each might be created by a different person. It is uniquely identified by its name and category.
A user can't create the document directly, only through a proposal and the signing process.

A proposal however can be created by anyone. It needs to include the document name it refers to.
If the document already exists, when the proposal is accepted,
it is added under the same name and category with the next version number.

## Blockchain

By using the blockchain technology an organization can make sure that nobody can
modify the existing documents - change their content, remove, etc.

Submitted documents have their content stored in the off-chain database and then
their document related information together with the content hash are submitted to the blockchain.

The application uses the Hyperledger Sawtooth technology. The blockchain needs to be run with the two Transaction Families: Proposals TF and DocTracker TF, actively processing the requests. They store separately document proposals and accepted documents and operate on them. 

## Authorization

Each request require the authorization token with a corresponding scope. Scopes are:
`docs.read`, `docs.write` and `docs.sign`. The tokens should be generated by the Azure AD B2C service on user login.

## User management

The organization users are managed by the external service Azure AD B2C by administrators. The application retrieves the user data from this service using its client credentials. Also updates them with generated public and private keys if missing, which are used to sign the blockchain transactions.

# How to run?

## Azure AD B2C tenant

 - application registered
 - exposed APIs
     - docs.read
     - docs.write
     - docs.sign
 - API permissions
     - Microsoft Graph: `User.ReadWrite.All`
 - client secret created
 - created the application user account

## Environment

```
cp .env.example .env
```
Adjust the environment variables, especially these related to Azure service (prepended with MS_).
Use the user ID of the application account in APP_USER_ID.

Make sure that the PORT number is set.

## Blockchain 

The application requires running blockchain system, as it subscribes to the blockchain events on the start.

    - validator and the components needed by it
    - validator REST API
    - Proposals TP
    - DocTracker TP
    - Settings TP

## Running in a container

Prerequisites:
 - Docker

When the previous steps are done, it's finally time to run the dockerized application.

The port mapped to the host below is default and should be replaced with the one defined in the .env file (PORT).

```
docker build -t backend . && \
docker run -p 8077:8077 backend
```

## Running locally

Optionally for local usage the application can be used outside of docker container.

Prerequisites:
 - Go installed
 - libraries
    ```
    apt update && apt install -y libssl-dev libzmq3-dev
    ```

Run the application with
```
go run cmd/main.go
```

